Update workflow_activities.rst (#4225)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/marketing_automation/getting_started/workflow_activities.rst

depend on the trigger configurations related to the parent activity. Under the desired parent
activity, hover over :guilabel:`Add child activity`, and select the trigger:

> - :guilabel:`Add Another Activity`: add another activity. Compared to adding an activity not as a child, a child activity will be triggered instantly whilst "usual" activities would be triggered at least one hour after the other activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Add Another Activity`: adds another activity. Compared to a standard (non-child
  activity), a child activity is triggered instantly, while standard activities are triggered at
  least one hour after the preceding activity.
```
